the LG 290 C is now available for our
tracfone that 10 and straighttalk its
the highest of three new LG models to
Kunal it fourth all three of those phone
services and I'm gonna give you a quick
video review with that phone today so
you can see for yourself how it looks
LG 290 C has a price tag of $49.99 for
tracfone and $59.99 for net10 and
straighttalk but there are discounts
available for both tracfone and at 10
and I'll give you a little bit more info
about that at the end of the video this
model includes a slide-out numeric
keypad 1.3 megapixel camera bluetooth
and voice activated dialing I'm using
the net10 version for this review but
from what I've read the Straight Talk
and tracfone versions are identical
except for the cost of minutes and just
a few very minor menu differences the
trequan version also has double minutes
for life as a standard feature which is
very valuable to tracfone customers I've
listed all three of the newest LG models
this one as well as the 100 °c and the
220 C and I must say that I'm impressed
with all of them especially the LG 290 C
it seems to be a significant upgrade
over the older LG 200 C and the LG 30 to
80 as well as the Kyocera K 126 C all of
which are some of the models that these
LG's are replacing the voice quality and
signal reception are great and battery
life is excellent as well the screen is
very nice as you can see here it's sharp
and bright and also larger than most
other phones for tracfone net10 or
straighttalk as far as I know the only
phone that has a bigger screen would be
the Samsung finessed for straight talk
and of course that's about six times as
expensive as has this model so you're
getting a pretty nice screen at this
price construction seems very solid
including the slider mechanism which
seems quite durable and well made when
you open it up you're going to see the
four shortcut keys that are in addition
to the directional keypad shortcuts the
four shortcuts here are the text
composition shortcut
picture-gallery camera and calendar the
camera takes very nice shots for a 1.3
megapixel camera especially in well-lit
situations I was very impressed with the
camera on this phone it's also possible
to get pictures off of the phone as well
as ringtones and wallpapers any other
files onto the phone using bluetooth but
you'll have to do a little bit of a
trick to get it open and it's kind of
locked down to start with then there's a
little sort of a mini hack that you have
to do to get it get into the Bluetooth
settings there are just a few other
things that I think could be improved
about the 290 see for example it's a
little bit on the heavy side at 4.2
ounces and also it can start to feel
just a little bit top-heavy for texting
and if you're holding it one-handed it
kind of can feel like it's going to tip
forward out of your hand this was
something that I got used to pretty
quickly but really overall I think it's
a pretty high quality phone the menu
navigation is smooth and responsive the
battery life is amazing
signal perception and audio quality are
great so really it I think I can give
this phone my full endorsement but if
you're looking for my full detailed
review where I can go into a lot more
detail than I can fit into this video
check out 290 c-calm there you'll find
the full review as well as info about
where to buy the phone and it more
information on those discount codes that
I mentioned earlier in the video